okay all right you know what you guys go
into this room just by myself Chilean
bad no looks like I just got shot
yeah hey can we have a date no that was
a date and I was gonna have a date no
sorry but I've got an explosive
personality can we stop with the puns my
god y'all date was cut short by you come
on let's go hug let's go make puns
let's go make sweet buns together so
this is toasty yeah I like how you guys
keep doing the same scene over and over
again after every fucking pun there's
somebody messing with the barrels about
sounds well it goes in the person's head
whoever makes a pun next fuck up sleep
and nobody gives a shit about your
bullshit right now just die just die
just die I guess sleeping was cut short
okay I use the same puns I used let's go
make some pudding somewhere but where
are we gonna make it someone stop them
me so would stop come on we can make
else our clothes Fidel don't want it to
get too chilly yeah please stop this it
wasn't a very good pudding yeah now we
close the door oh why did it pull it out
okay looks like I shot a little bit too
short pretty a bullet goes at the head
whoever doesn't make a pun
okay first who has the gun a bullet goes
if I had to Corbett doesn't make a pun
sleep in you go first
state your name occupation and then you
have a pun and if you don't a pun on
okay my name is Stan gamer my pun is
fucking killing you
I'm just gonna have to use my it's like
living in these whatever Denis world
just terrible puns
ah does somebody want some wine you're
gonna stab me but I don't care cuz I
well then now come ours expect a hell
sleeping right I'm gonna bring you some
wine now if you can't kill Dallas for
the last place what are you guys doing
look we don't want any okay was like oh
that I closed the door on them in
Cosby's down okay okay I'll make a pun
try to make okay so I'm a center of the
Olive Garden parking lot and state your
name and occupation and anything okay so
I'm a I'm a 42 year old housewife yeah
you tell it how it is uniform and uh my
vagina's really loose okay never dying
breed you and I to repopulate it fucking
get started
we don't want sleep in to do it because
of wise you know it'll be too many
haters yeah there's gonna be too many
haters
the water I'm gonna I'm gonna take a
guess okay I'm gonna take these change
into fucking old gas no don't make any
guesses I'm gonna take a guess
okay I'm gonna come up here with you and
if you're gonna kill me then you're
gonna kill me first fine okay
I shot you in the arm okay so Foxtrot
state your name and occupation followed
by a pun I am me of course and I am a
pun and I'm deliverer
okay what's your fun my puns can go
anywhere fuck you fucking I guess you
could say nothing my puns are funny but
you win you win the contest come back
here come back you bravo Bravo
you suck at this Bravo I don't even care
if Maddy can we make Foxtrot a new pun
go what about a recent death and well
yes sleep in wasn't good at all